1.2.0 - Cleanup stabilized extension ID (#379)
free-audio/clap: ChangeLog.md

* `CLAP_EXT_SURROUND`
* `CLAP_EXT_TRACK_INFO`

### Notes regarding extension ID change after draft stabilization

We changed the extension ID in the process of stabilization which leads to a **break**.

> To mitigate this transition, we provide a compatibily extension ID which can be used to match and use the draft extension as they are 100% compatible.
> 
> For example, `CLAP_EXT_CONTEXT_MENU` for the stable ID and `CLAP_EXT_CONTEXT_MENU_COMPAT` for the draft ID.
> 
> As you can see in [extension-id](conventions/extension-id.md), we introduce some rules, so this kind of breaks won't happen again.
> 
> We may decide to remove `CLAP_EXT_CONTEXT_MENU_COMPAT` in the future once their usage becomes anecdotic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mitigate this transition, we've provided compatibility extension IDs which can be used to match and use the latest draft extensions as they are 100% compatible.

For example, `CLAP_EXT_CONTEXT_MENU` for the stable ID and `CLAP_EXT_CONTEXT_MENU_COMPAT` for the draft ID.

As you can see in [extension-id](conventions/extension-id.md), we introduced some rules, so this kind of break won't happen again.

We may decide to remove the `*_COMPAT` IDs in the future once their usage becomes antiquated.
```

Author: Thanks 👍
